{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 # Coinbase developer blog and API updates\
\
In 2015 we plan to make substantive improvements to our developer platform, making it easier for you to build bitcoin apps and to successfully grow your users. This is the first post in our brand new developer blog and going forward we\'e2\'80\'99ll be using this blog to announce changes and improvements among other updates.\
\
During the last several weeks we have been hard at work improving API documentation, fixing bugs, and making significant security improvements. Here\'e2\'80\'99s a short update on latest changes with more coming in the coming months.\
\
## New API reference\
\
We redesigned and updated our API reference which is now available over at [developers.coinbase.com/api](https://developers.coinbase.com/api). Along with new design, more information about API usage and libraries can be found from the documentation.\
\
## OAuth2 changes and 2 factor authentication\
\
To improve user and developer experiences, we\'92ve improved our OAuth2 flow and we have been made several security related changes.\
\
- `all` scope has been removed from OAuth and is only available with API key authentication. This makes it easier for users to understand which permissions and actions your application can perform on their accounts.\
- When requesting access to `send` scope you need to supply daily, weekly or monthly limit. This will be visible for the user when authorizing the application and they can later change the limits from their settings. [Read more](https://www.coinbase.com/docs/api/permissions#additional-parameters).\
- 2FA has been added to `POST /transactions/send_money` endpoint and user is required to supply correct 2FA code when making certain requests. It works similar to sending money at [Coinbase\'e2\'80\'99s](https://www.coinbase.com) web application and token is only required when user has 2FA enabled. Applications may bypass 2FA with special permission, but 2FA is strongly recommended for most apps. [Read more](https://www.coinbase.com/docs/api/permissions#two-factor-authentication). \
\
These changes only affect newly created OAuth applications (after 04 Dec 2013 so no changes are required to legacy apps but we encourage that you update your applications now. We may require an update to all legacy apps in the future.\
\
## New endpoints\
\
- `GET /users/:id` and `GET /users/self` - Show authenticated user\'e2\'80\'99s information\
- `GET /accounts/:id` and `GET /accounts/primary` - Show an account\
- `GET /transfers/:id` - Show a tranfer\
- `POST /transfers/:id/commit` - Commit a pending buy or sell\
- `GET /buttons/:id_or_idem` - Show an payment button\
- `GET /addresses/:id_or_address` - Show an address\
- `POST /transactions/transfer_money\'e2\'80\'99` - Transfer funds between two BTC accounts\
\
To keep up with future announcements, subscribe to this blog and follow [@coinbaseapi](https://twitter.com/coinbaseapi) on Twitter.}